after nine weeks of football d winnipeg
high school football league championship
came down 2-1 game winner take all the
st. Paul's Crusaders taking on these
Sisler Spartans who were serious
underdogs in this one tonight the
Crusaders have one of the best defenses
in league history shutting out their
opponents four times in just eight games
and they were looking for the school's
first title since 2003 in tonight's an
tibet's Boulogne high school crowd
obviously feeling pretty frisky tonight
at a very cold canada stadium st. Paul's
QB Kevin Hayes will be highly sought
after in the offseason with the mental
Bisons among his suitors for University
and the crew pick up right where they
left off in the semi second possession
Hayes looks deep and connects with
farrah shawa touchdown and a
seven-nothing st. Paul's lead second
quarter more from the men in maroon
Brendan Mackel hose takes the handoff
and chubs to the house count seven more
and the lead was now 14 the Crusaders
defense was stifling as Lane fiddler
gets gang tackled for the sack and a big
loss so st. Paul's gets the ball back
and then goes right back to the end zone
Chris Hayes the brother
peoples in and this guy's got some hard
playing with a torn ACL and it was 21
zip and the carnage continues right
before halftime Hayes looks way
downfield and he has Clancy Dorian wide
open and the backup QB takes it the rest
of the way a 68-yard strike and it was
28 nil and we were only at the half but
sister comes up gunning in the third the
pitch to Sylvester Thomas and he'll
scamper 28 yards all the way for the
touchdown but Spartans still trailed 28
27 there was just no stopping st. Paul's
though Hayes fakes the handoff and has
Shawa open like 7-eleven his second
score it was 35 7 that it's rob may see
clearing the pile for yet another major
and was there really any doubt in the
end no team could even touch the
Crusaders this season they shut out
their opponents in two of their last
three games and win all nine of the
games for the perfect season they
capture the anti vets bowl for the
fourth time in school history but first
since 2003 49 16 the file to cap off one
of the most dominating seasons ever we
get more on the post game report from
our very own Kyla Calvert well Russell
st. Paul's Crusaders came into this game
as the favorites and they did not
disappoint scoring 28 points in the
opening half on drew to the 49 16
victory their defense was solid once
again all season long the defense for
the Crusaders allowed just 21 points
tonight giving up just 16 as the st.
Paul's Crusaders are crowned the Double
A champions of the Winnipeg high school
football league for the first time since
2003 the beginning of the year we
thought we had a very solid defense and
we knew that our offense could be very
balanced if we worked at it and
certainly worked out at all year long
and that's been a key obviously beat
beating a team of good quality like
Sisler we need a good old fensive and
defensive effort it was so good we
played such a good game all around and
give credit to sisal though because they
put
awesome game too but I think we play one
of our best games ever and I'm so proud
of our team I'll fence really move the
ball everyone was talking about how good
sisters running game was but we're the
ones is going through watching
touchdowns tonight so I'll line played
great very very happy for our guys are
great 12 guys that are graduating this
year there they're done playing for us
and they've worked incredibly hard did a
great job leading us all year long and
this is a thrill for them the division 2
final the Free Press bowl also went
earlier today the five and one Myles
Mack Buckeyes in the green and gold
facing the Sisler number two team with
the identical record and school spirit
alive and well for this contest no doubt
about who these guys were cheering for
final play of the first quarter of the
handoff to aaron SI saket he follows his
blockers and finds a gaping hole kiss
him goodbye 39 yards for the touchdown
and it was seven nothing Myles Mack
third quarter a Sisler fumble puts the
Buckeyes of the 17 yard line and Darrell
caylian goes up the gut for 15 of those
yards and then galleon takes over at QB
for the next plan calls his own number
the Buckeye lead was 14 next possession
the pitch to see sack and he's going
back to his favorite place the end zone
is a 25 yard scamper the mm were in
command up 21 nil and it went from bad
to worse for the Spartans Richard asante
in the punt return and the fumble is
recovered by the Buckeyes in Sisler
territory and again they make them pay
caylian breaks a tackle and plunges in
47 more his second major the day 28
nothing and turnovers with a story in
this one as the Spartans continue to
cough it up time and time again and this
was all over except the crying as he
Myles Mack Buckeyes win the Free Press
poll for single-a supremacy in the end
it wasn't even close a 30
one zip rock by the buckeyes to claim
their first division championship in
school history while Sisler goes 0 for 2
in the finals the kids worked hard
they're great group of kids and you know
we came in with a game plan and you know
we just executed offensively we were
tough we got a lot of boxes a lot of
breaks too but you know we felt that we
were ready and we felt we had what it
took for this game feels so great it's
the best feeling in the world wait a
three years for and finally got it's the
best feeling in the world we came in
with the game plan and we stuck with it
and it worked out perfectly for us so
you know it just all the guys give me
credits to the entire offensive line
everybody played a great game it was
just awesome